I truly believe that the best thing you
can do for your body is move often but
as a flexibility coach I often take my
joints into extreme ranges of motion the
stretches themselves aren't the problem
there's been times in the past where I
got overzealous and I pushed myself too
hard and then bam several months go by
with hip pain and strained muscles in
the flexibility world that's like going
for a deadlift PR without ever training
for it flexi joints really helps with
those injuries but more importantly
flexi joints gives your body the
resources so that those injuries don't
happen again the reason I'm telling you
this is because I am having the biggest
sale that I have actually ever had free
shipping for even you International
people I'm even sending you guys an
ebook that nobody has access to yet the
lowest possible price and let's be real
your neglected joints need some help
sometimes it's only through email so
sign up before the 29th stay flexy